Filter untested datapoints docs (#675)
kolenaIO/kolena: docs/dataset/core-concepts/index.md

For step-by-step instructions, take a look at the quickstart for
[model comparison](../quickstart.md/#step-5-compare-models).

!!! tip

>     Use the `Filter Untested Datapoints` option to narrow down your metrics to only include datapoints that all selected

Reviewer: Should we call this `Filter to Intersection` (and below)? `Filter Untested Datapoints` only applies in contexts where there is a single model.

Author: Yeah - I think we started with "filter to intersection" and changed to this. We can rename to "use common datapoints"?

>     models have tested on. This allows an apple to apple comparison of metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    models have tested on. This allows for an apple to apple comparison of metrics.
```

from different distributions. Kolena uses the range of each metric to
estimate its standard deviation which is used in calculating the z-score.

> **Filter Untested Datapoint**: this option allows you to rank your models only on
> datapoints that they were all tested on. Use this feature if its important to you to rank
> your models based on the datapoints they were tested on.

Reviewer: Thoughts?
```suggestion
**Filter Untested Datapoint**: this option allows you to rank your models only on
datapoints that they were all tested on. Use this feature if its important to you to
standardize the comparison set of datapoints.
```
